# REJAFADA
Retrieval of Jar Files Applied to Dynamic Analysis.

The present paper aims to elaborate the REJAFADA (Retrieval of Jar Files Applied to Dynamic Analysis), a dataset which allows the classification of files with Jar extension between benign and malwares. The REJAFADA is composed of 998 malware Jar files and 998 other benign Jar files. The REJAFADA dataset, consequently, is suitable for learning endowed with AI (Artificial Intelligence), considering that the Jar files presented the same amount in the different classes (malware and benign). The goal is that tendentious classifiers, in relation to a certain class, do not have their success taxes favored.
In relation to virtual plagues, REJAFADA extracted malicious Jar files from VirusShare which is a repository of malware samples to provide security researchers, incident responders, forensic analysts, and the morbidly curious access to samples of live malicious code. With respect to benign Jar files, the catalog was given from application repositories such as Java2s.com, and findjar.com. All of the benign files have been audited by VirusTotal. Then, the benign Jar files, contained in REJAFADA, had their benevolence attested by the main commercial antiviruses of the world. The obtained results corresponding to the analyses of the benign and malware Jar files, resulting from the VirusTotal audit, are available for consultation at the virtual address of REJAFADA.
The goal of creation of REJAFADA dataset is to give full possibility of the proposed methodology being replicated by third parties in future works. Then, REJAFADA makes available, freely, of all their samples such as benign as malwares:
• VirusTotal audits;
• Dynamic analysis of Cuckoo Sandbox.
REJAFADA also makes available in its virtual address, its 998 benign Jar files. In addition, our dataset displays the list of all other 998 Jar files, this time, malwares. Then, there is the possibility of the acquisition of all the malwares, employed by REJAFADA, through the agreement establishment and submission to the rules of use of ViruShare. It is concluded that our REJAFADA dataset enables transparency and impartiality to the research, in addition to demonstrating the veracity of the achieved results. Therefore, it is expected that REJAFADA serves as base for the creation of new scientific works aiming NGAVs.
